docs: Add --ui5-config option to README (#345)
SAP/ui5-linter: README.md

ui5lint --config ./ui5lint-custom.config.js
```

#### `--ui5-config`

> Set a custom path for the UI5 Config (default: `./ui5.yaml`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set a path for the desired UI5 yaml config file (default: `./ui5.yaml`).
```
